feat!(*): use required name attribute instead of block label (#6384)
grafana/agent: CHANGELOG.md

- For `otelcol.exporter` components, change the default value of `disable_high_cardinality_metrics` to `true`. (@ptodev)

> - The children blocks in following components requires a mandatory `name`
>   argument instead of a block label. (@hainenber)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The child blocks in following components require a mandatory `name` argument instead of a block label. (@hainenber)
```
